This is a program was created as a practice project to apply what i learned from my Python course and self-study at Marymount University. It extracts data from PDF files and summaries it based on keywords. The way it works that I do not have to run the program on Visual Studio Code. The steps to operate this code:

1- Run the Command Prompt on your device
2- Change the directory to python file by inputting the cd command
3- Run the following command uvicorn main:app --reload  (The file is called main on my device)
4- After launching the command, the program will be hosted on this link: http://127.0.0.1:8000/doc

### Example Output:
GET
/insight
Get Insight

[
  {
    "comp": "Aramco",
    "link": "https://www.aramco.com/-/media/publications/corporate-reports/sustainability-reports/report-2023/english/2023-saudi-aramco-sustainability-report-full-en.pdf",
    "word_sample": "Aramco\nSustainability Report 2023\nInvesting in growth \nInnovating for sustainability\nARAMCO | SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2023\n01\nAbout this report\nWe are Aramco, one \nof the world’s largest \nintegrated ene"
  },
  {
    "comp": "STC",
    "link": "https://www.stc.com/content/dam/groupsites/en/pdf/stc-sustainability-report2023englishV2.pdf",
    "word_sample": "stc.com\n1\nSustainability\nReport 2023\nBuilding a Better Tomorrow,\nAdvancing Sustainability Today\nPrinted version of this report uses recycled paper\nstc.com\n2\nstc.com\n3\nTable of\ncontent\n03 \nEnvironmenta"
  },
  {
    "comp": "Microsoft",
    "link": "https://cdn-dynmedia-1.microsoft.com/is/content/microsoftcorp/microsoft/msc/documents/presentations/CSR/Microsoft-2024-Environmental-Sustainability-Report.pdf",
    "word_sample": " \n  \n How can \nwe advance \nsustainability? \n2024 Environmental \nSustainability Report \nReporting on our 2023 fiscal year \n \n \n \n \n \n \n \n \n \n \n  \n  \n \n \n \n \n \n \n \nOverview \nMicrosoft sustainability \nCu"
  },
  {
    "comp": "Apple",
    "link": "https://www.apple.com/environment/pdf/Apple_Environmental_Progress_Report_2025.pdf",
    "word_sample": "Covering fiscal year 2024\nEnvironmental \nProgress \nReport\nContents\nIntroduction\n\t 3\t\nReflections from Lisa Jackson\n\t 4\t\nReport highlights\n\t 5\t\nGoals and progress\nEnvironmental \nInitiatives\nApple 2030\n"
  },
  {
    "comp": "Google",
    "link": "https://www.gstatic.com/gumdrop/sustainability/google-2024-environmental-report.pdf",
    "word_sample": "Environmental \nReport\n2024\n12\n 1 \nWhat’s inside\nAbout this report\nGoogle’s 2024 Environmental Report provides an overview of our \nenvironmental sustainability strategy, our targets, and our annual \npr"
  }
]



GET
/finding-paragraphs
Finding Paragraphs

Parameters
Cancel
Name	Description
comp *
string
(query)
Microsoft
keyword *
string
(query)
Water Waste
minLength: 2

{
  "comp": "Microsoft",
  "keyword": "Water Waste",
  "matches": [
    {
      "Paragraph": "Overview \nMicrosoft sustainability \nCarbon Water Waste \nCustomer sustainability \nGlobal sustainability \nAppendix \nEcosystems \nMicrosoft sustainability \nHow are we \naddressing our \nenvironmental \nfootprint?",
      "Percentages": []
    },
    {
      "Paragraph": "10\nOverview \nMicrosoft sustainability \nCustomer sustainability \nGlobal sustainability \nAppendix \n10 \nCarbon Water Waste Ecosystems \nGetting \nto carbon \nnegative \nCarbon \nImproving the measurement and  \nefficiency of our operations \n14 \nBuilding markets and driving progress \n18 \nLearnings and what’s next \n22 \nOur approach \nOur commitment to becoming carbon negative \nrequires unprecedented innovation and partnership. \nOver the last four years since setting our \nsustainability targets, thousands of companies have \nalso joined the call to reach a net zero future and are \ntaking steps, big and small, to help make that future \na reality. This year, technologies like AI brought \nrenewed promise of the role innovation can play in \naccelerating progress. From improving measurement \nto increasing datacenter efficiency and improving \nenergy transmission, technology can be a powerful \naccelerant for the pace and scale the world needs to \nachieve net zero. \nAmid this optimism, we face the realities of the \ncomplexity of the challenge. Addressing Scope 1, 2, \nand 3 emissions requires partnership and systemic \naction. We need to decarbonize supply chains \nand take action to build the carbon-free electricity \ninfrastructure needed by Microsoft, our suppliers, \nour partners, and the world. \nIn FY23 our emissions increased by 29.1% across \nScope 1, 2, and 3 from our 2020 baseline, as we \ncontinue to invest in the infrastructure needed to \nadvance new technologies. \nSince 2020, our Scope 1 and 2 emissions have \ndecreased by 6%. This result is driven by \nour ongoing work to advance clean energy \nprocurement, green tariff programs, and use of \nunbundled renewable energy certificates. \nScope 3 accounts for over 96% of our total \nemissions, which includes emissions from our supply \nchain, the life cycle of our hardware and devices, \nand other indirect sources. Our Scope 3 emissions \ncontinue to be our most significant decarbonization \nchallenge. Progress will take deep collaboration \nacross industries. \nMicrosoft has taken a first-mover approach, making \nlong-term investments to bring more carbon-free \nelectricity onto the grids where we operate, and \nwe continue to advocate for the expansion of clean \nenergy solutions around the world. \n5M \nIn FY23, we contracted 5,015,019 \nmetric tons of carbon removal \nto be retired over the next \n15 years.",
      "Percentages": [
        "29.1%",
        "6%",
        "96%"
      ]
    },
    {
      "Paragraph": "11\nOverview \nMicrosoft sustainability \nCustomer sustainability \nGlobal sustainability \nAppendix \n11 \nCarbon Water Waste Ecosystems \nOur approach continued \nOur journey to \ncarbon negative \nWe are committed to being carbon negative \nby 2030 and by 2050 to remove from the \natmosphere an equivalent amount of all the \ncarbon dioxide our company has emitted either \ndirectly or by our electricity consumption since \nwe were founded in 1975. \nWorking to help decarbonize the  \nindustrial sector \nAt Microsoft, we are also partnering to \naddress carbon-intensive industries such as \nbuilding materials, chemical products, and \nfossil fuels for aviation, shipping, and trucking. \nOur targets \nReducing direct emissions \nWe will reduce our Scope 1 and 2 emissions to near zero by increasing \nenergy efficiency, decarbonization of our operations, and reaching 100% \nrenewable energy by 2025. \nReducing value chain emissions \nBy 2030, we will reduce our Scope 3 emissions by more than half from \na 2020 baseline. \nReplacing with 100/100/0 carbon-free energy \nBy 2030, 100% of our electricity consumption will be matched by zero carbon \nenergy purchases 100% of the time. \nRemoving the rest of our emissions \nBy 2030, Microsoft will remove more carbon than it emits. By 2050, \nwe will remove an amount of carbon equivalent to all our historical \noperational emissions. \nOur progress \nScope 1 and 2 emissions \nOur Scope 1 and 2 emissions decreased by 6% from the 2020 base year. This \nresult is driven by our ongoing work to advance clean energy procurement, \ngreen tariff programs, and use of unbundled renewable energy certificates. \nScope 3 emissions \nOur value chain or Scope 3 emissions increased by 30.9% from our 2020 \nbaseline. Microsoft continues to work to scale corporate clean energy \npurchases across our supply chain and invest to help decarbonize hard-to \nabate industries, including steel, concrete, and other building materials used \nin our datacenters. \n19.8 GW of carbon-free energy \nIn 2023, we increased our contracted portfolio of renewable energy assets to \nover 19.8 gigawatts (GW), including projects in 21 countries around the world. \n5M metric tons of carbon removal \nWe contracted 5,015,019 metric tons of carbon removal in FY23. We are \ncontinuing to build a portfolio of projects, balanced across low, medium, \nand high durability solutions.",
      "Percentages": [
        "100%",
        "100%",
        "100%",
        "6%",
        "30.9%"
      ]
    },
    {
      "Paragraph": "12\nOverview \nMicrosoft sustainability \nCustomer sustainability \nGlobal sustainability \nAppendix \n12 \nCarbon Water Waste Ecosystems \nOur approach continued \nCarbon Table 1–Breaking down our FY23 Scope 3 emissions by source \nMicrosoft’s Scope 3 emissions continue to account for more than 96% of our total emissions, with the vast majority of these emissions coming from two categories upstream, Purchased Goods and Services \n(Category 1) and Capital Goods (Category 2), and one downstream, Use of Sold Products (Category 11). \nScope 2 and 3 emissions included in this chart are market-based.\nScope 3 emissions are management criteria values.\nFind out more in our Data Fact Sheet\n1\n2\n3\n4\n11\nScope 3 Categories\nPurchased Goods & Services 36.23%\n1\nCapital Goods\n38.24%\n2\nFuel-and Energy-Related\nActivities (Market-Based)\n3.39%\n3\nUpstream Transportation\n1.99%\n4\nWaste\n0.05%\n5\nBusiness Travel\n0.81%\n6\nEmployee Commuting\n1.22%\n7\nDownstream Transportation\n0.45%\n9\nUse of Sold Products\n14.05%\n11\nEnd of Life of Sold Products\n0.03%\n12\nDownstream Leased Assets\n0.05%\n13\nScope 2\n2.56%\nScope 1\n0.94%\n13\n6\nScope 3\n96.50%\n5\n7\n9\n12",
      "Percentages": [
        "96%",
        "36.23%",
        "38.24%",
        "3.39%",
        "1.99%",
        "0.05%",
        "0.81%",
        "1.22%",
        "0.45%",
        "14.05%",
        "0.03%",
        "0.05%",
        "2.56%",
        "0.94%",
        "96.50%"
      ]
    },
    {
      "Paragraph": "13\nOverview \nMicrosoft sustainability \nCustomer sustainability \nGlobal sustainability \nAppendix \n13 \nCarbon Water Waste Ecosystems \nOur approach continued \nCarbon Table 2–Tracking progress toward carbon negative by 2030 \nMicrosoft’s overall emissions increased by 29.1% in FY23, in relation to our base year. Additionally, \nwe retired 605,354 metrics tons of carbon removal as part of achieving our annual target to be \ncarbon neutral. \n-6M \n-3M \n0M \n3M \n6M \n9M \n12M \n15M \nRetirements from\ncarbon removal\nE \nE\nE\nE \nE \nProjected \ncarbon removal\nF \nF \nTarget carbon\nemissions\nG \nG \nScope 3 \nA \nScope 2 \nB \nRetirements from\navoided emissions\nD \nD \nScope 1 \nC \nA \nA \nA \nA \nB \nC \nB \nC \nB \nC \nB \nC \nMetric tons CO2e \nFY21 \nFY22 \nFY23 \nCurrent year \nFY30 \nTarget year \nFY20 \nBase year \nFind out more in our Data Fact Sheet\nKey definitions \nCarbon-free electricity (CFE) \nMicrosoft refers to the broader suite of technologies \ncompatible with a fully decarbonized electricity \nsystem as CFE. CFE technologies include solar, \ngeothermal, sustainable biomass, hydropower, \nnuclear, carbon capture utilization and storage, and \nothers with zero direct emissions. \nRenewable energy \nElectricity technologies including wind, solar, \ngeothermal, sustainable biomass, and sustainable \nhydropower.2 \nScopes 1, 2, and 3 \nIndirect emissions from all other activities up \nand down the value chain such as upstream and \ndownstream transportation, materials, and end-of-\nlife impacts, as well as all suppliers’ direct Scope 1 \nand 2 emissions. \nScope 3 represents over 96% of Microsoft’s \nannual emissions in FY23. Our Scope 3 emissions \nresult primarily from the operations of our tens \nof thousands of suppliers (upstream) and the use \nof our products across millions of our customers \n(downstream). \nTackling Scope 3 means decarbonizing industrial \nprocesses such as steel, concrete, and other \nbuilding material production for use in our campus \nand datacenter construction, as well as jet fuel for \nbusiness travel and logistics.\nScope 1 \nDirect \nemissions \ncreated by a \ncompany’s \nactivities \nScope 2 \nIndirect \nemissions \nfrom the \nconsumption \nof the \nelectricity or \nheat we use \nScope 3 \nIndirect \nemissions \nfrom all other \nactivities \nin which we’re \nengaged \nSince setting our targets  \nin 2020, data has played an \nincreasingly important role \nin our journey by allowing us \nto better measure and manage \nour resource consumption.",
      "Percentages": [
        "29.1%",
        "96%"
      ]
    },
    {
      "Paragraph": "14\nOverview \nMicrosoft sustainability \nCustomer sustainability \nGlobal sustainability \nAppendix \n14 \nCarbon Water Waste Ecosystems \nImproving the \nmeasurement \nand efficiency \nof our operations \nReducing the carbon intensity of our operations is \nthe first pillar of our approach to carbon negative. \nFrom the construction of our datacenters and \ncampuses to our daily operations, efficiency is built \ninto our design and use. Since setting our targets in \n2020, data has played an increasingly important role \nin our journey by allowing us to better measure and \nmanage our resource consumption. At Microsoft, \nwe strengthened our supply chain methodologies in \n2023 to drive progress in major sectors like building \nmaterials, sustainable aviation fuel, and hardware. \nDatacenter efficiency \nMeasuring efficiency \nPower usage effectiveness (PUE) is a ratio that \ndescribes how efficiently a datacenter uses energy. \nThe lower the number, the better the score. \nWe design and build Microsoft datacenters as close \nto a PUE of 1.0 as possible. This year our datacenters \ndelivered a design rating of 1.12 PUE and, with \neach new generation, we will strive to be even \nmore efficient. \nTransitioning servers to a low-power state \nWe continue to seek opportunities to reduce server \nenergy consumption. Using low-power server states, \nwe observed a reduction in energy usage of up to \n25% on unallocated servers, with a corresponding \nreduction in Scope 2 emissions. This year, we \nexpanded our deployment of this technique from a \nfew thousand servers in 2022 to around one million \nby the end of 2023. This initiative reduces energy \nusage by thousands of megawatt-hours per month \nacross our global datacenters. A similar initiative \ntargets servers that are awaiting maintenance, \nreducing energy usage by hundreds of megawatt-\nhours per month. \nWe support carbon-free \nelectricity infrastructure \nthrough procurement \nand investment. \nImproving resource utilization \nDatacenter resources are traditionally designed \nand built to accommodate peak power demands, \noften resulting in underutilization and the necessity \nto construct new datacenters. Microsoft is focused \non improving datacenter efficiency by minimizing \npeak power consumption, effectively harnessing \nunused power, and maximizing server density \nwithin existing datacenters. This is achieved through \npower harvesting driven by service level agreements \n(SLAs), intelligent power-aware workload allocation, \nand utilizing the inherent redundancy in Microsoft \ninternal services to tap into datacenter capacity that \nis conventionally reserved for use only during power \ngrid or infrastructure failures. \nIn 2023, these initiatives have directly contributed \nto a roughly 7% reduction in datacenter power \ninfrastructure and the associated embodied carbon. \nMicrosoft is also increasing server utilization by \noversubscribing central processing unit (CPU) cores \nof internal workloads that have low CPU utilization. \nThe direct impact in 2023 was an approximately \n1.5% reduction in datacenter hardware needs for the \nMicrosoft Azure platform–an improvement of three \ntimes over 2022 with a proportional reduction in \nassociated embodied carbon.",
      "Percentages": [
        "25%",
        "7%",
        "1.5%"
      ]
    },
    {
      "Paragraph": "15\nOverview \nMicrosoft sustainability \nCustomer sustainability \nGlobal sustainability \nAppendix \n15 \nCarbon Water Waste Ecosystems \nImproving the measurement and efficiency of our operations continued \nBuilding operations \nand construction \nInfrastructure decarbonization \nOur sustainability standards for new construction \ncontinue to expand to meet our climate goals. \nNew campus projects require the procurement of \nhigh-efficiency refrigeration systems, all-electric \nkitchens and mechanical systems, and non-fossil-\nfuel-powered backup power systems. Combustion is \nno longer permitted for daily use in any new office \nconstruction project in our standard. We have also \nexpanded our requirements to reduce embodied \ncarbon in interior materials. \n76.5%\nIn FY23, 76.5% of our total emissions \noriginated from our suppliers. We believe \nMicrosoft also has a role to play in bringing \nthe global supply chain with us on our \njourney to net zero. \nInnovations in low-carbon concrete \nTo minimize our carbon impact in constructing \ndatacenters, we build our datacenters to meet \nLEED Gold certification, with 37 datacenters already \nmeeting this goal globally.3 LEED buildings also \nuse less water, utilize renewable energy and fewer \nresources, create less waste, and preserve land and \nhabitat. One example of innovation in this area is a \nseries of pilots completed this year using a net-\nnegative embodied carbon limestone alternative to \ntraditional concrete. Derived from algae cultivation in \nconcert with other alternative cementitious materials, \nthe combination yielded a concrete mix that met \nour performance requirements and achieved an \nestimated 65% embodied carbon reduction from \nconventional concrete of a similar strength. \nFleet electrification \nOn Microsoft campuses around the world, we are \nmaking progress toward electrifying our fleet and \neliminating dependence on fuel burning vehicles. \nTo establish the infrastructure needed to support \nour goal of operating a 100% electric fleet by 2030, \nwe’re constructing an Electric Vehicle Fleet Facility \nthat will house, charge, and maintain our electric \ncommute fleet of the future at our Redmond \nheadquarters. The project is currently in the design \nphase and is pursuing LEED Platinum certification. \nAdditionally, an underground garage is set to be \ncompleted in FY24 as part of our Redmond campus \nmodernization project and will include 130 EV \ncharging stations with 176 additional EV charging \nstations planned for future phases. \nAs we continue to electrify our global fleet by 2030, \nthese projects will help us test and implement our \nEV infrastructure and apply it to more campuses \nacross the globe. \nImprove measurements across our \nsupply chain \nWhile we know that the majority of our emissions \nare from Scope 3, over 96% in 2023, we also needed \ngreater precision on the drivers contributing to these \nemissions. What we found is that these emissions \nhave three primary, interrelated drivers: \n1 Electricity use in both upstream embodied in \nwhat we purchase, and downstream from the \nusage of our products. \n2 Key material procurement including \nsemiconductors, steel, cement, aluminum, \nand plastics. \n3 Fuel use from direct travel, commuting, logistics, \nand embodied in what we purchase.4 \nAchieving net zero is not something we can do \nalone. As 76.5% of our total emissions originate from \nour suppliers, we have a role to play in bringing \nthe global supply chain with us on our journey to \nnet zero. \nBy leaning into education and investing in \nmeaningful tools for carbon reduction, we can move \nthese efforts up the supply chain tier. \nWe are working to scale carbon accounting \nmethodologies to drive progress across our \nsupply chain.",
      "Percentages": [
        "76.5%",
        "76.5%",
        "65%",
        "100%",
        "96%",
        "76.5%"
      ]
    },
    {
      "Paragraph": "16\nOverview \nMicrosoft sustainability \nCustomer sustainability \nGlobal sustainability \nAppendix \n16 \nCarbon Water Waste Ecosystems \nImproving the measurement and efficiency of our operations continued \nPartnering with our suppliers \nAccess to granular emissions data from our supply \nchain is essential to identifying where our largest \nScope 3 reduction opportunities exist and how these \ncan be actioned. \nTo understand the full extent of our Scope 3 carbon \nfootprint, we piloted a new feature in Microsoft \nSustainability Manager called the environmental, \nsocial, and governance (ESG) value chain solution. \nIn 2023, Microsoft Procurement acted as customer \nzero, as we used our own technology and utilized \nthe ESG value chain solution as its disclosure \nplatform to successfully collect emissions from \ntop in-scope suppliers. Additionally, due to the \nflexibility the ESG value chain solution offers, \nthe Procurement Sustainability team was able to \ncustomize the platform to collect more advanced, \ngranular emissions data from suppliers. In the future, \nthe ESG value chain solution will enable customers \nto customize and collect detailed emissions data \ndirectly from suppliers. \nAdvancing procurement \nof carbon-free electricity \nWhen we identified a near-term need to support \nsuppliers in decarbonizing their electricity \nconsumption, especially our smaller- to medium-\nsized suppliers who traditionally lack the expertise \nand resources to navigate this process on their \nown, we partnered with climate solutions expert \n3Degrees to launch Supplier REach, a renewable \nelectricity portal. \nThe portal assists with Microsoft supplier evaluation \nand procurement of high-quality carbon-free \nelectricity options based on factors such as their \ngeography and energy load. \nReducing emissions in Cloud Logistics \nIn 2023, the Cloud Logistics team implemented a \nthree-pillar strategy for emissions reduction: \n1 Apply industry-leading data models, based on \nthe Global Logistics Emissions Council (GLEC) \nFramework, to obtain detailed emissions data for \neach shipment. This “digital twin” of our \noperations data earned us a finalist spot in \nGartner’s 2024 “Power of the Profession” award. \n2 Utilize data to optimize our supply chain, \nidentifying efficiency gains that helped us avoid \nover 90,000 mtCO2e emissions. These savings \nwere achieved by shifting cargo to more carbon-\nefficient transportation modes, consolidation, \nand network design. \n3 Drive transformational solutions in trucking, \nshipping, and aviation. In partnership with our \nlargest transportation service providers, we have \nenabled them to source low-carbon or carbon-\nfree logistics services. This led to the successful \ndeployment of electric vehicles and \nsustainable fuels. \nTo further our goal of sustainable transportation, we \njoined collaborations like the Sustainable Aviation \nBuyers Alliance (SABA) and we have launched a new \ninitiative with cargo-owning peers and suppliers that \nplans to build the first electric interstate trucking \ncorridor in the United States. \nMeasuring semiconductor emissions \nDriving targeted Scope 3 emission reductions \nrequires more precise measurement. \nFor semiconductors, this means measuring emissions \ndrivers down to the square centimeter of silicon–a \nunit of measure required for life cycle assessment \n(LCA)-based methodologies–and applying product-\nspecific emissions factors. We modeled this for \nall high-impact components installed and sold \nby Microsoft. \nThis advancement, which reflects Microsoft’s \napplication of leading-edge research findings from \nimec’s Sustainable Semiconductor Technologies \nand Systems (SSTS) program, enables us to quantify \nwhich specific products, manufacturers, geographic \nlocations, and production stages are driving \nemissions. This specificity deepens our supplier \nengagement efforts and focuses our policy and \nadvocacy discussions. \n90K \nBy using data to optimize our logistics supply \nchain, 90,000 mtCO subscript 2 e  emissions were avoided.",
      "Percentages": []
    },
    {
      "Paragraph": "RY to source image\nof construction\n17\nOverview \nMicrosoft sustainability \nCustomer sustainability \nGlobal sustainability \nAppendix \n17 \nCarbon Water Waste Ecosystems \nImproving the measurement and efficiency of our operations continued \nLinkedIn \nOur teams at LinkedIn have developed Healthy \n& Sustainable Building Materials specifications \nto guide our Workplace Design and Build team. \nWe have also provided input to and utilized the \nEmbodied Carbon in Construction Calculator (EC3) \nfor identification and evaluation of the carbon \nintensity of workplace construction materials \nalternatives. We have piloted a variety of initiatives, \nincluding electrified kitchens in four sites, battery \nback-up and solar installation in one site, and \ninstallation of fault detection diagnosis (FDD) \nin one site. We also conducted a battery versus \ngenerator carbon life cycle study. \nExpanding campus initiatives \nAt our LinkedIn campus in Omaha, Nebraska, we \nhave been accessing direct renewable energy \nthrough our parking canopy solar installation since \nJuly 2022. In FY23, this solar installation project \nprovided approximately 17% of the building’s total \nelectricity, including helping to power the all-\nelectric kitchen. \nReducing carbon through our \nfood programs \nAt LinkedIn, we are committed to reducing \nthe carbon footprint of our food program and \nhave implemented various initiatives to achieve \nthat goal. \nOne of the key strategies employed to reduce \nScope 3 emissions of suppliers’ purchased foods \nin FY23 was to increase local purchasing of \nagricultural products to, or above, 20% of total \npurchasing spend, while partnering with regional \nproducers focused on climate-smart agricultural \npractices and regenerative farming. \nMitigating carbon impacts of travel \nWe have also implemented an employee-facing \ntravel solution called Tripkicks which supports our \ncorporate sustainability initiatives. In partnership \nwith BCD and Advito, Tripkicks allows employees \nto better understand their carbon impact before \nthey travel. As employees plan their trips, they \nare able to see accurate and ISO-Certified carbon \ndioxide figures, powered by Advito’s GATE4 carbon \nemissions methodology, for each flight option, \nidentifying the most sustainable options. \nReducing the impact of our \nsupply chain \nBuilding transparency \nCollaboration across Microsoft has led us to \nadapt an effective approach to shift from spend-\nto process-based methodologies for measuring \nembodied carbon impact of construction materials. \nThis methodology is based on a framework using \ntoday’s best available third-party verified data \nvia Building Transparency’s EC3 tool. This new \nmethodology aims to appropriately incorporate \nactual global warming potential of the materials we \nbuy, where data is available, with existing spend-\nbased methodologies, as we work to improve our \nScope 3 measurement and emissions. \nGreenhouse Gas Protocol \nIn 2023, we submitted responses to four Greenhouse \nGas Protocol (GHGP) surveys that kicked off GHGP’s \ncomprehensive review of its corporate carbon \naccounting guidance. Microsoft’s survey responses \narticulated a vision for more accurate, consistent, \nimpact-relevant carbon accounting. We also \npublished a white paper laying out Microsoft’s \napproach, challenges, and innovations with respect \nto carbon accounting. \nCognitive visual learning \nTo improve data quality and reduce manual entry \nerrors, we have been developing a cognitive visual \nlearning (CVL) tool in partnership with the Microsoft \nFinance team. The CVL AI tool will be capable \nof automatically reading utility invoices (such as \nPDFs, Excel files, or image files) in any language \nand extracting the required data. Ultimately, this \ninnovative tool will streamline reporting on our utility \nconsumption and replace a time-consuming third-\nparty application that is subject to manual error.",
      "Percentages": [
        "17%",
        "20%"
      ]
    },
    {
      "Paragraph": "18\nOverview \nMicrosoft sustainability \nCustomer sustainability \nGlobal sustainability \nAppendix \n18 \nCarbon Water Waste Ecosystems \nBuilding markets \nand driving \nprogress \nThe ability of Microsoft and the technology sector to \nmeet net zero targets is dependent on our collective \nability to procure carbon-free electricity and \ndecarbonize our supply chains. Microsoft continues \nto build and scale carbon-free electricity through \nour procurement of renewable energy and investing \nto bring more carbon-free electricity onto the grids \nwhere we operate. As one of the largest corporate \npurchasers of renewable energy, we continue to seek \nways to diversify and scale-up supply of impactful \nrenewable energy and mechanisms enabling access \nfor all. \n6.6 MW \nWe are partnering with Clearloop to help \ndecarbonize the grid in the Mississippi Delta \nregion, enabling a 6.6-megawatt project. \nBuilding markets \nAccelerating carbon-free electricity \ncircularity \nMicrosoft’s unique position as one of the world’s \nlargest corporate renewable energy purchasers \nprovides the opportunity and responsibility to help \nfacilitate a circular economy in the renewable energy \nsector. Our leadership is enabling and supporting \nthe market due to the scale of our procurement, \nlaying the foundations for renewable energy \ninfrastructure reuse and recycling, concurrently \naddressing environmental, community, and supply \nchain challenges. In advancing a circular economy \nfor all, we follow three principles: \n1 Requiring recycling of renewable  \nenergy infrastructure. \n2 Requiring recycled materials in renewable energy \ninfrastructure manufacturing. \n3 Using our voice on circular economy for \nrenewable energy public policy. \nSustainability \nChampion: \nJohn Tien \nAt Microsoft, I play \na role in achieving \nour sustainability \ngoals by working \nwith suppliers \nto implement \nbest practices \nand technology \nsolutions in the \nsourcing of memory \nsemiconductors. \nThe positive impact \nof these efforts \non Microsoft, our \ncustomers, and \nthe planet inspires \nme to believe that \nwe all have the \npower to make a \ndifference, both in \nour personal and \nprofessional lives. \nProcuring carbon-free electricity \nIncorporating environmental justice principles into our carbon-free electricity \nprocurement, we partnered with EKOenergy’s Climate Fund to enable the \ninstallation of solar-powered refrigeration for a Kenyan fishing village, offering ice \nand clean water at 20% lower prices for 2,000 households and addressing food \nsecurity and economic hardship by reducing fish harvest loss. \nWe have begun embedding community funds in global power purchase \nagreements (PPAs)—for example, a 366-MW renewable energy deal in Ireland \nwith European developer Statkraft includes such a fund to support local \ncommunity needs. \nWe also partnered with Clearloop to expand equitable access to clean energy \nand help decarbonize the grid in the Mississippi Delta region, enabling a \n6.6-megawatt project in Mississippi through an upfront payment for long-term \nrenewable energy credits. Microsoft helped get the project online and provided \nsupport for Clearloop’s model.",
      "Percentages": [
        "20%"
      ]
    }
  ]
}
